So there's something we can run.
It's in my bash history.
So I'm just there we go.
So take a look at this.
I am echoing out a statement, like some
text and I'm piping it to commitment.
This is a great way if you're fiddling
with things, you're trying to make sure
you understand what should be allowed
to work and what doesn't work.
This should make it work here.
Now, I'm also seeing evidence
here that maybe I don't have
a global commitment installed.
I should be able to do this though.
There we go yarn commit lead, right
that's going to look in my node modules.
It's not going to rely on
a global installation.
And now we can see all right.
I see a problem with the the sample
commit message here.
Right, it's saying the scope
must be one of the following.
So it's a look API.
This is my scope.
I need it to be a package name.
Like you need to tell me
which package you affected.
And I have no package called API.
If I change that Two types.
Maybe it'll be happy and it's happy.
That didn't actually make commit.
All we did was validate
the commit message.
I'm going to install a global commitment
just in case that is part of a little
challenge I'm running into
here folta install commitment.
That's gonna be that's
like NPM install dash G or
yarn global add something like that.
And then the first variant that I ran,
right?
So I, this was what ended up
being successful previously.
This failed.
I bet it works now.
And it does.
I mean,
the command is invoked successfully and
as it should, it's telling me that
API is not a package in my repo.
One of the things that's tricky,
about Husky is sometimes I find that
it's tough for
it to pick up on changes in particular.
Once it's set up some scopes,
some hooks, rather.
Sometimes it's hard to get them to sort
of update and let's see what we have.
So there's my Husky sh and
Husky local sh and
then there is my commit message.
So they're like Huskies.
Obviously, it's dropped
all of this stuff in here.
In an effort to sort of to receive these,
like when, what this is where I get expect
hooks to live, and the Husky package
is now going to sort of like, catch it.
And do something about it depending on how
we have things configured that's kind of
how it works.
The Husky thing isn't the most
important aspect of this and
I don't want to drill in too deep here,
but let me tell you what that would do.
It would It would kind of like,
bust me if I made a commit message
that deviated from our conventions.
What's important is that we aligned with
our conventions and we're just going to be
good about it here so that you can see
what happens with the change log and
you can see how that's taken into
account when versioning things So
you want to commit message
that looks like this.
So you'd say this is a feature.
So I'd say feet and
an effects the types package.
And then this is where you would write
your description to be something like
More reasonable default types for
generics something like that sounds sounds
like a very fancy feature
I've added instead,
so this is fine, but
if I just said Like that,
it seems to like that as well.
Maybe I need some additional linting
configuration to say only feet is added.
only feet is allowed, right this is what
this should be what describes you're
like whether this is a breaking change,
non breaking change.
Or patch, or chore or
docks, things like that.
And these will become subsections of
your change log when that the change log
generation happens.
So here's how we would do
this git commit message.
Actually, we can read her message in here.
So we'd say, This would really
be a chore to be quite honest.
But I want to bump our version
number deliberately so
that I can show you how that works.
So let's pretend that this is
like a minor release where
the change now this is
really truly just a chore.
But we'll call it a feature.
And we'll say it affects utils.
Conventional.
Commits and commitment.
This is an effort to see if we
can get automatic changelog
generation and versioning.
Cool, all right, so we have our commit.